So, what is vision?
At its most basic,
vision or visual perception is the act of
observing patterns and objects through sight or visual input.
But vision is so much more than that.
It allows us to build a model of the physical world.
For example, take a look around you and think about what you see,
maybe you see a computer screen or a mobile phone.
You may also see a desk or different items in a room.
When I look around the studio I see a camera in front of me,
and tables and chairs besides me.
We use site to learn about
our physical surroundings and where they are in relation to us.
And with this information,
we build a physical model of our world.
This is how typical human vision works,
but different creatures have evolved
vision systems that are tailored to their specific needs.
Bees for instance have compound eyes which are many tiny eyes bundled together.
Their eyes have really low resolution so they're
not so great at recognizing things from a distance,
but they're very sensitive to motion which is essential while flying fast.
In essence, there are a variety of vision systems each with their own strengths.
This is something to keep in mind when you start building and designing
systems to perform specific visual tasks in future lessons